docs(caching): document that Cube Store can use EC2 instance metadata for IAM credentials (#3626)
cube-js/cube.js: docs/content/Caching/Running-in-Production.mdx

      - cubestore_router
```

### AWS

Cube Store can retrieve security credentials from instance metadata
automatically. This means you can skip defining the
`CUBESTORE_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `CUBESTORE_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` environment
variables.

<WarningBox>

Cube Store currently does not take the key expiration time returned from

> instance metadata into account. For this reason, the key expiration time is
> defined by `CUBESTORE_AWS_CREDS_REFRESH_EVERY_MINS`, which is set to `180` by
> default.

Author: ```suggestion
instance metadata into account; instead the refresh duration for the key is
defined by `CUBESTORE_AWS_CREDS_REFRESH_EVERY_MINS`, which is set to `180` by
default.
```
